Copyright (C) 2014-2016, David Claudio Gonzalez

This folder contains scripts used for the different tests of the spin
accumulation code between versions, so far we provide a script to validate the
*-spin.dat and *-eff.dat files produced by your improved code at the tests
folder.

The unit_test.py file contains a script for reading the parameters.h file under
include directory, the *-spin.dat file computed with your code from the src
file which has been compiled with the appropriate make option, and the
reference DW *-spin.dat and *-eff.dat files found in this directory.

To run a unit_test.py you need to provide several parameters and files at
runtime and in exchange you will obtain the error found by the script between
the two versions of *-spin.dat and *-eff.dat files. All the runtime parameters
are compulsory and below you will find a example of its usage:
$ ./unit_test.py -c 1.0 -p ../include/parameters.h -t \
      ../tests/upVW-magn-2.5nm-spin.dat -r ./upVWmagn-magn-2.5nm-spin.dat

where: 
  + the -c parameter takes values greater than 0 and less or equal to 1.0. It
indicates the number of lines in the file that the script should read and
analyse, for 2.5 nm cell sizes the testing time is short but if you are testing
big files you can expect this to take a while therefore this parameter allows
to sample a random number of lines.
  + the -p parameter must indicate the parameters.h file that was used to
compile the SpinAccGPU.cu file
  + the -t parameter indicates the file produced by your executable which is
generally under the tests directory when using the available make options
  + the -r parameter indicates the file against we wish to compare in order to
check that the results produced by our new code are within the expected range

According to our results, new code shouldn't produce errors in the *-spin.dat
data greater than 7.0e-17, in other words valid code don't lead to differences
greater than the precision expected from computations with double precision
1.0e-16 in the case of eff data the errors are in the order of 1.0e-11 and no
greater than 6e-11
